- [Instructor] In this video we will demonstrate
how we make remote HTTP calls
with a Reactive Angular web app.
We will be using the Angular HTTPClient
to preform requests to our REST API.
We can inject the client as a dependency into our service.
It streamlines the process of making
and processing an HTTP request.
The client provides a capacity
for type check request and responses.
We will be able to define interfaces
that facilitate interaction with our request
and response objects in a more formalized manner.
In addition we also get request and response interception.
We get access to the RxJS observable APIs
and finally we get streamlined error handling.
Now let's take a look at the high level flow of a request.
First off we have our Angular component.
It's composed of HTML, CSS styling, static resources
such as images, and our TypeScript files
that contain our program logic.
Next we're going to create a service to abstract away
some of the interactions from making a request
and then finally we're going to leverage
the HTTPClient to make the actual call
to our Spring REST API.
You can read more about the HTTP client in the Angular docs.
You can find the docs at Angular.io/guide/http.